01. Creating line plots to visualize trends or relationships between variables.
02. Generating scatter plots to explore the correlation between two continuous variables.
03. Building bar plots to compare categorical data or show frequency distributions.
04. Plotting histograms to display the distribution of a single variable.
05. Creating box plots to visualize the distribution of data and identify outliers.
06. Generating pie charts to represent the composition of a categorical variable.
07. Building area plots to display the magnitude of changes over time.
08. Plotting error bars to visualize uncertainty or variability in data points.
09. Generating heatmaps to represent the magnitude of values in a matrix using colors.
10. Creating contour plots to display the 3D surface in 2D space with contour lines.
11. Building quiver plots to visualize vector fields using arrows.
12. Plotting polar plots to represent data in polar coordinates.
13. Generating scatter plots with different marker sizes and colors for each data point.
14. Creating filled plots to represent the area between two curves.
15. Plotting 3D surface plots to visualize functions of two variables in 3D space.
16. Building stacked bar plots to compare the proportion of different categories.
17. Generating stem plots to visualize discrete data points.
18. Creating step plots to visualize stepwise changes in data.
19. Plotting hexbin plots to represent the density of points in hexagonal bins.
20. Generating violin plots to visualize the distribution of data like box plots.
21. Creating radar charts to display multivariate data in a circular layout.
22. Plotting stream plots to visualize 2D vector fields using streamlines.
23. Generating scatter plots with regression lines to visualize linear relationships.
24. Creating annotated plots with text annotations and arrows.
25. Plotting waterfall charts to visualize cumulative effect of sequentially introduced positive or negative values.
26. Generating barh plots to create horizontal bar plots.
27. Creating spider plots (radar charts) to display multivariate data on a two-dimensional chart of three or more quantitative variables.
28. Plotting candlestick charts to visualize stock price data.
29. Generating images with imshow to display 2D data as an image.
30. Creating animated plots to visualize dynamic data or processes over time.